hi max gave us the latest vy2 series all
right
25 kilowatts
for the internet great 260 to 280 five
kilowatts lots of inside stuff for
leather wheel new six different console
trimming short gear leaver lots of ddse
style stuff this is the first corner of
the right healing track
there's lots of fun
anything whether it's a great insight
it's now got the GPS formats three
version of it later suspension with nine
and each tire
and all these corners which are
gospel really called him
right right stuff
chakram
really agile
slide base we can make is
60i
so that's one marker on the left-hand
side of the road there's 160 I
and this is the final corner
that's about 175
read the next year
10:20
gotta slow it up just for going to
lunacy
what you do is you get it on here
you